# Scalable mushroom production: growing them using 'appropriate technology' methods (aimed at developing countries)
## Summary
_We use experimental investigations to determine the feasibility of mushroom cultivation using methods that reduce (and ideally remove) the reliance on water & electricity._

We are currently formulating our game plan. To read what we're deliberating, head over to our [discussion space](https://www.researchgate.net/post/Mushroom_cultivation_can_we_reduce_water_needed_for_entire_process_while_also_providing_drinking_water_for_billions_of_people).

>**We believe that research & development should be for all, not just the rich.**

## Research funding
This project will be funded by Mushroom Incubator, who will donate 50% of all income towards this research. Due to very unstable expected growth phase of the business and hence their exact income, this amount will not be given at a set frequency but instead we be given once financial sustainability can be achieved (e.g. no funding will be given in the first 3 months of the business operating).

## Progress summary
We have successfully fruited some financially high-valued mushrooms under semi-controlled environmental conditions using lower-tech methods. You can read some introductory learning material over in our [knowledge space](https://github.com/TessellateDataScience/scalableMushroomProduction/wiki/Welcome). We're not the only ones doing something about this as the [United Nations is seeding innovation](https://innovation.wfp.org/knowledge) in this space.

## Use of our work
All textual, video, spoken material (named 'Content') generated by within this Github repository is property of Tessellate Data Science. All Content documented within this GitHub repository is released under a Creative Commons License. Specifically, our Content is available under their Attribution 4.0 International Public License. See the [CC BY 4.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) for more specific details. 

## Get involved
Potential collaborators are encouraged to only contribute Content that they intend to give to Tessellate Data Science, and also where there is lesser conflict regarding any IP that may be generated from this Content. We intend to protect ideas in the broader public interest using IP legal mechanisms - to prevent larger, predatory companies 'locking-up' IP to stall innovation (a used mechanism in the Big Pharma industry).
